Demo on usage of UniBit's APIs to get information on a particular stock.

To get started, get a free access key here to access various datasets and resources available through the UniBit API. Detailed below is all the information you need for our resources and different datasets – Real-time Stock Prices, Technical Indicators, Core Financials, Insider Trade Data, Institutional Ownership, and Real-time Equity News. Event Signals, Event Sentiments, Real-time Crypto Price, Real-time Crypto News and many to be added.

Real-time stock prices - This API offers real-time stock quotes for equities trading on the U.S exchanges. In addition to last price and stock quote (bid/ask) data, the market data feed also provides intraday tick data, volume and time weighted average prices and other stock market data statistics including open, high, low, close, and other data for more than 8000 active equities,and ETFs.
Core Financials - The Core Financials Dataset includes over 50 financial indicators, which are descriptive company details and ratios. The companies included are all SEC reporting companies with publicly traded securities. Data including balance sheets, income statements and cash flow are available for the last 4 years. In addition, we provide complementary basic company identification and metadata.
Company Profile - The company profile provides a snippet of basic financial information about the company. It’s sourced from the public SEC filing of each company.
Insider Trade Data - The Insider Transaction Dataset includes access to all individuals and publicly traded securities with reported insider trading data and allows for queries for specific summaries of insiders and trades. The resources for this dataset allow for queries to specific insider transactions (including buy and sell activity) and insider rosters.
Institutional Ownership Data - The Institutional Ownership Dataset is based on the 13F filings from fund managers, reporting their quarterly positions with the SEC. Based on the institutional holdings, the datasets provide access to all securities and their fund owners. Queries can be made to access who owns what – either based on the specific security or the institutional owner.
Equity News - We cover news for 8000 public assets on the market. Updated every 30 minutes, we use natural language processing and deep learning to ensure quality and relevance. Use a single easy-to-use API to obtain comprehensive, institutional quality corporate and business related news events from trusted sources.
SEC filing Links - The SEC filing API contains links to the EDGAR database for every public company in the U.S.